all Italian communists will have to put the 3 tg research logo
union established an approved law
hahaha this summer villa 6 August last from a law not only approved
pergolas
the government but also
with the opposition site
and meanwhile you have everyone's protests from Piedmont to Sicily
mayors because the privatization of new services could empty them
houses of the municipalities concerned but could also cost a lot
to citizens private rentals
the first thing I will do is increase
the cost of the pinot nero bill make the fourth kit for example those ese
can't pay
my name is service
hands down from the piedmont to sicily the protest of the municipalities grows
against the privatization of water services
effect of an umbrella law that on August 6 opens a hole in the boxes
of small and large cities literally breaks the waters and the eggs in the
basket of local administrations the norm community obligations put theirs
trike origins on the market by 2010
with water that in other words ceases to be a fundamental right for
become merchandise like many others with all the foreseeable consequences of
case like the one that if I don't pay, dry mouth
passage tim 1000 minutes and June 26 I have heard of
amethyst fox
since he sleeps
now represents the business of the future
first degree systems are increasing
seems to be non-recurring unrestrained rules
board games
price rises steeply without the road to privatization knowing
give the desired results and above all respect phrases for the community
in this way the private individuals collect the bills, that is, from the pulp of the fruit under discussion
while the public remains only red colander colanders indeed dangerous
and sometimes poison a situation from the uncertain future which they run through
like water under the bridge sequences to say the least paradoxical
from Florence after a year of campaign for water saving citizens have
received a letter explaining the reduction in consumption
the rates will suffer increases in points balance
uhm to the common that the risk of not being half joy no latitude
dedicates to aprilia in the province of latina has recorded headlight price increases at
300% while the spice has seen its bills grow by so much
to make similar artists gain the title of tabile tubas a tartassed dress
of Italy
in the south that does not deny it touches the singular case of the Apulian aqueduct
that your with the privatization meaning with finished foreign banks
in global financial storms how to make water from all sides is wrong
report who knows if the variable
of this story of the water scandal in our country is thirsty
la7 occupied, some time ago
run to church
tell paolo mensitieri is one of the best journalists have the best
Italian whites have inside for r2
re the inquiries of republic to water spa the revolt of the mayors forum and yes
concludes his
reportage from
citing
giuseppe altamura author of the inquiry book of the of a beautiful investigation book
on the subject as water siva
from work nero alloro blood ties to altamura deputy head of the family
Christian
and today
and here with us thanks for accepting our invitation gf in short, we are at
water war
we are related work because after annalisa, 1994
trenitalia started a major reorganization process
we started from 13500 managements
+ then of the municipalities that are 8 milan to simplify all this and bring it
solo 90 optimal territorial areas and 90 managers
and therefore this naturally there is a very disagreeable toaster pump
of revolts around the country 144 municipalities for example lombardy that have
required
referendum women in short there seems to be that you could travel around the country
pretty massive organization questionnaire
the legend of August 6th to let the water that came before it pass
considered an essential good
and therefore
payable out of duty even if one doesn't pay the bill to me says I'm here
an asset
which can be taken away from those who do not pay
which will be
and I think they will pay the citizens for a nice piece on the spot or savato because it is already
you give me official
the courier of the supervisory committee on water resources speak for themselves
practically on sale in the bills they will increase by an average of 40%
means a mark-up offers persona then per capita of 115 euros per year
for a family of four they are more than 500 euros a year
let's talk about the data with a bit like the statistics of trilussa chicken then
in some cases, as already happened, tariffs will increase a lot
more varesenews review - raise attend and I eat a chicken
put the images on the wall
we have already reached the head is a theory currently this will have some
there are heavy consequences around the country. of the real favorite you already have
only 200% facebook modà
I tried
in the tab
ebay ok, but we should also remember that first is not that water
was missing we were paying for it completely we feel we can't pay it
however the costs are saved on the general tax system hidden
focus -
common parties protest against the privatization terms to those two
ikea quite clearly that
we do so I would like you and you mt-20 common currently lose revenue
they had through the economy management
but then there are also reasons for the bell tower, I mean there is a bit 'the
desire the desire to continue to control their water resources
there are municipalities that are richer in other water resources - rimini
protests generally concern more those communists have control
direct of its resources it allows to lose the control precisely
on its own on the pop economy, in short, the condominium that does not have to pay the
bill wishes that water will become a commodity not of an essential good that
do you have to remove the water
probably because this is a badge, it even fits into the picture
of the European directive
if one is in arrears, the water is removed even if we intervene
Article 117 of the Constitution which must guarantee the right
minimum
to this Italian gossip service here can allow 3 a battle
constitutionality will be on the boat as well we will see the mayor
forced to distribute water with tankers, however, I appreciate your mind
enough 8
I will get away with the parliament does not think about it
but I don't think we think about it again because this privatization process
of the various body parts
for some years now it's like saying there was the dark with this law
law frank 100 33 on August 6 cars born four large giants who
manage have all the signals are listed on the stock exchange etc.
in reality it is something that has already started a few years ago
thanks to giuseppe alta dies we now remember hspa your spa from them in their blue
his book which explains even better than we could do
at this moment what happens what is the war
around the water thank you for being with us now